Welcome back everyone to this section on joins so in this section of the course we're going to discuss
the various types of joints that are available to us with post sequel and really a join at the heart
of it just allows us to combine information from multiple tables.
And let's take a quick peek at what we're going to learn in this section.
We're going to start off this section by quickly discussing the as clause which is a really useful clause
for creating an alias that is to say it just allows you to rename a column whatever you want.
Once you understand that we'll move on to joins.
So we're gonna discuss different kinds of join such as inner joins outer joins full joins full auto
joins unions and more so those things also like left joins and right outer joins et etc..
So lots of stuff to discuss here.
We're gonna start off with the simpler joint types and then move on to the harder to understand or more
complex joint types.
But overall once you understand one type of join the mental leaps required to understand the other types
of joints isn't too bad.
Okay.
And then we'll end this with some challenge tasks.
All right.
So now they understand we're going to learn this section.
Let's move on to the next lecture.
I'll see you there.